Predicted: male, Actual: female, Dialogue: There is no atonement. Not for us.
Predicted: female, Actual: male, Dialogue: Come and take a look.
Predicted: female, Actual: male, Dialogue: Can I help you? Holy shit, John, is that you?!
Predicted: female, Actual: male, Dialogue: What kind of "material?"
Predicted: female, Actual: male, Dialogue: Eavesdropping again?
Predicted: male, Actual: female, Dialogue: All I can say is that the answers are on the Beach. What she wants. And why.
Predicted: male, Actual: female, Dialogue: Look, go home. And don't come back.
Predicted: male, Actual: female, Dialogue: (Hologram)   I'm impressed, Sam. Not many people would have even attempted this. May I have a look? Not a scratch on it, and the tar inside is safe and secure. You do not disappoint, my friend. Now, connect me to the chiral network. Thank you. It goes without saying, but I am convinced that the tar is related to the BTs and the Death Stranding. After all, both it and timefall are the defining features of the post-Stranding ecosystem. Sudden environmental changes such as these invariably lead to the extinction of organisms that fail to adapt. Those that do adapt do so by virtue of "enhancers"-the regions of DNA that grant successful organisms their advantages. These genetic factors are the key to evolution. But there are genes which have the opposite effect those which disadvantage organisms.  …  “Extinction factors,” as they have been called. These are the seeds of advancement and obsolescence. Such factors may lie dormant within us all a choice waiting to be made. For every being since the advent of life itself. If so, then ancient proof may hide deep within the tar. Evidence of these genetic decisions that may aid us in navigating our current Crossroads. In any event, thanks to you, I can now study the composition of the tar in greater detail. I'll make sure to share any interesting results with you later.
Predicted: male, Actual: female, Dialogue: (via codec) Just so you know, Sam …  Distro centers and the like are stocked with materials you can use to fabricate equipment. You can also take what you need to build structures. That said, there are limits to what each facility can spare. Check their terminals to see what they are.
Predicted: female, Actual: male, Dialogue: Look, the point is it was Higgs!
Predicted: male, Actual: female, Dialogue: No, that part was true. My ovaries can't produce eggs, and Lockne has trouble with her uterus. Long story short, neither of us can have children. I was all right with it. I mean, children, who needs them, I thought. But my sister thought differently. Lockne wanted a child. Someone to carry her genes. She fell in love with another member of Bridges. But he died in an accident. She was devastated, of course, as was I. Back then, strong emotions like that I could feel hers and she could feel mine. When I sensed her desire to join him—to end it—I went to her and said: “Let's have a baby.” We took one of Lockne's eggs and fertilized it with his frozen sperm …  And I carried it to term. A healthy baby grew inside of me. But then there was the attack. And our bond was severed. I wanted to tell her, but I was bound to the child. I couldn't just abandon her. But I was wrong. Lockne needs to know. You have to break some ties to forge others. You can't be tied to everything. If we're going to reconnect the world, I need to reconnect with my sister first. So please, Sam …  Do it!
Predicted: female, Actual: male, Dialogue: Amelie put together an expedition—the best of Bridges I—and went west.
Predicted: male, Actual: female, Dialogue: Together, with me, until the last flame winks out. Doesn't sound so bad, does it? It's not like the world has long left anyway. Then there's the second choice. In expanding the network, you brought people and their Beaches together, integrating them into a greater whole. Like this quipu. But in doing so, you also bound them to my Beach—the very Beach where I opened the gates to the other side. You can't stop what's coming. But …  if you cut me and my Beach loose, perhaps you can stop it from spreading. You might just prevent the Last Stranding. And mankind will live to die another day.
Predicted: male, Actual: female, Dialogue: (via codec) Hey, just got the evaluation results from the people at the distro center for those prototypes you dropped off. Looks like both caught their eye. The motor, for one, was impressive. They really couldn't believe it was made from scrap. It can be fitted to a modified truck, and be ready to go in no time. They contracted the junk dealer straightaway, and got it added to the list of supplies that can be fabricated. They had good things to say about the pouch, too. Contract has already been made, and you'll find the pouch in your private room. If you want to customize your backpack, you'll need to drop by one anyway. Anyway, I hope you appreciate what those two did for you, and give this new gear a try.
Predicted: male, Actual: female, Dialogue: Sam, you made it.
Predicted: female, Actual: male, Dialogue: I remember. You knew. You always knew.
Predicted: female, Actual: male, Dialogue: Lou!
Predicted: male, Actual: female, Dialogue: Wait!
