Predicted: female, Actual: male, Dialogue: In emergencies!
Predicted: female, Actual: male, Dialogue: My mother, she took her Bible real serious. Not just Texas Bubble serious. Pentecostal serious. Favorite chapter? Revelations. Now, I didn't always understand her - on account of all that speaking in tongues and such - but when she did use her words, it was always End Times-this and Lake of Fire-that, on account of sinful lifestyles. Speaking of which - mind if I smoke?
Predicted: male, Actual: female, Dialogue: She said five minutes. You don't think... ?
Predicted: male, Actual: female, Dialogue: All right. This promises to be interesting.
Predicted: male, Actual: female, Dialogue: I'm okay with this. I want to go home. Goodbye.
Predicted: male, Actual: female, Dialogue: Is she gone? What are we going to do? The raids are getting closer and closer to Mainspring. How much longer can we hide like this?
Predicted: male, Actual: female, Dialogue: ... if you're still nauseous--
Predicted: male, Actual: female, Dialogue: A live one. And it's pissed.
Predicted: male, Actual: female, Dialogue: This datapoint is obtained automatically during the main quest Maker's End. It cannot be missed.
Predicted: female, Actual: male, Dialogue: Evacuation happened so fast-no time to think things through. No time for goodbyes. There were lines in the medical ward... I told Tom Paech I'd be with him when he went under. But there was one last shipment of Paradisaeidae zygotes I could get processed, if I rushed... I'm still... angry at him for forcing me to choose... Angry at myself for... Well, he died alone, and I didn't get the bloody birds of paradise saved, either. All the time left in the world now to think. GAIA Prime's locks are sealed. Elysium sealed up, safe and sound. A distance of miles, but it might as well be on the other side of the galaxy. All the Betas and Gammas and support staff, living their lives. If I hadn't been an Alpha, if things had gone differently, I could've been there. Instead I'm spending the rest of my unnatural life in here, with people I don't even like... And without the one I would have gladly spent life with... given the chance. Two hours since I signed off on the final executables, and I'm already a bitter old man, bitching to his Focus. There's a thought for future generations.
Predicted: female, Actual: male, Dialogue: This datapoint is located on the second floor of the Zero Dawn Project Facility, in the area on the right hand side.
Predicted: male, Actual: female, Dialogue: This datapoint is obtained automatically during the main quest Maker's End. It cannot be missed.
Predicted: female, Actual: male, Dialogue: Entity is not known.
Predicted: male, Actual: female, Dialogue: So shut them down.
Predicted: female, Actual: male, Dialogue: Say again, Lieutenant?
Predicted: male, Actual: female, Dialogue: She was just born, Ted. I'm not going to put a gun to her head while she's still in the cradle!
Predicted: female, Actual: male, Dialogue: Well I'm not going out there! Not what I signed up for.
Predicted: male, Actual: female, Dialogue: If you could try to remain calm-
Predicted: male, Actual: female, Dialogue: To be clear, I'm not a worker on the project-
Predicted: female, Actual: male, Dialogue: I'm not a psychologist, GAIA. Or an AI scientist. No. It is... natural. At least in the context of the work you and I have accomplished, which begs the meaning of the term "natural." She was your creator. The patron saint of this crazy endeavor... Our Lady of the Fervent Hypothetical.
Predicted: female, Actual: male, Dialogue: That was the last transmission of Elisabet Sobeck. She gave everything for the hope of life on this planet. And we are all in her debt.
Predicted: male, Actual: female, Dialogue: It's not contained! It can't be!
