Predicted: male, Actual: female, Dialogue: If the Night Mother truly spoke to you, if you really are the Listener...your destiny was written in the Void. Astrid is right to fear your power.
Predicted: male, Actual: female, Dialogue: Of course. I've told you before not to bother me with such trifles.
Predicted: male, Actual: female, Dialogue: Your lies fall on deaf ears, Deceiver. The True Dragonborn comes... You are but his shadow.
Predicted: male, Actual: female, Dialogue: Well, I think it's time I got back to my work as an alchemist. The Soul Cairn will offer a unique opportunity to continue my studies, and I intend to complete my research. In the meantime, if there are any potions you might need, feel free to help yourself.
Predicted: female, Actual: male, Dialogue: Let me know when you're ready.
Predicted: male, Actual: female, Dialogue: No. This coven has existed for thousands of years. Namira is a goddess. She has been worshipped since time began. I'm honored to be leading the latest generation of Namira's faithful. Those who have embraced what they are.
Predicted: male, Actual: female, Dialogue: Thank you. Whatever your other reasons for acting, you have done the Skaal a great service. We will not forget what you've done.
Predicted: male, Actual: female, Dialogue: You mean they used a Shout to defeat Alduin? You're sure?
Predicted: male, Actual: female, Dialogue: Good, and take this little message back to your bosses: I'm not paying any of you a single septim...ever! Now get out of my inn!
Predicted: male, Actual: female, Dialogue: I see. You're simply here to stop the Tyranny of the Sun, despite the cost to Serana. Nothing else matters.
Predicted: male, Actual: female, Dialogue: Welcome to the College.
Predicted: male, Actual: female, Dialogue: Well, that depends on what you're looking for. Faralda can teach Destruction spells, and offers training in that school. Phinis is one of the best Conjurers in all Skyrim, and can help with spells from that school. Don't let Tolfdir fool you; he's the pre-eminent scholar in Alteration. One of the best in Tamriel, and always willing to pass on his knowledge. If you can find him and focus his attention, there's a great deal Drevis can teach you about Illusion magic. And finally, there's Colette. She may be...difficult to get along with, but she's very knowledgeable when it comes to Restoration magic.
Predicted: male, Actual: female, Dialogue: The reason I was down there...and why I had the Elder Scroll. It all comes back to my father. I'm guessing you figured this part out already, but my father's not exactly a good person. Even by vampire standards. He wasn't always like that, though. There was...a turn. He stumbled onto this obscure prophecy and just kind of lost himself in it.
Predicted: male, Actual: female, Dialogue: Turning someone is a very...personal thing for vampires. It's intimate. For us. I don't want you to feel like I'm forcing you into this.
Predicted: male, Actual: female, Dialogue: Really? Oh, I use Nirnroot as a special seasoning all the time as well. What a wonderful idea. Okay, now what?
Predicted: male, Actual: female, Dialogue: Have you been paying attention to everything that's happened? He'll betray us the second our backs are turned.
Predicted: female, Actual: male, Dialogue: Well done. Again.
Predicted: male, Actual: female, Dialogue: Try not to? But I do realize sometimes it's not that easy. You may want to make a statement, or a contract may require a public killing. Murder is, obviously, a very serious crime, and a very high bounty will be put on your head in the hold where the act was committed. You can run, obviously, but you'll still have a price on your head. If a guard attacks, you can attempt to yield by sheathing your weapon. If the guard accepts, you can serve your time in a cell, or pay off your bounty. We've all gone through it. We do what we must to survive. But, there is another option. Some members of the Thieves Guild in Riften can get their bounties...erased. For a price. Something to think about.
Predicted: female, Actual: male, Dialogue: Gleda! And not a scratch on her! Happy day! I still can't figure out why you stole her. You left a note explaining it, but half of it was gibberish and the rest had mead spilled on it. Only bit I could make out was "repaying Ysolda in Whiterun," and even that's mostly scribbles. Guess you could try there.
Predicted: male, Actual: female, Dialogue: Is that confidence I hear...or arrogance? Strange how often they're confused.
Predicted: female, Actual: male, Dialogue: I've been looking for a way to appease Hircine. There is a certain beast in these lands. Large, majestic. It's said that Hircine will commune with whoever slays it. I tracked it into these woods, but then had my...accident with the child. I want to beg his forgiveness. Give him back the ring. But while I'm stuck in here, the beast wanders free.
Predicted: male, Actual: female, Dialogue: Let's just get this over with.
Predicted: male, Actual: female, Dialogue: I knew when you walked into the Hall of the Dead that you were special. And here you are. Champion of Namira. Keeper of her ring. You're everything I hoped you would be.
Predicted: male, Actual: female, Dialogue: Like myself, Serana was a human once. We were devout followers of Lord Molag Bal. Tradition dictates the females be offered to Molag Bal on his summoning day. Few survive the ordeal. Those that do emerge as a pure-blooded vampire. We call such confluences the "Daughters of Coldharbour."
Predicted: male, Actual: female, Dialogue: It's on your head if something goes wrong. Just let me get back inside first.
Predicted: female, Actual: male, Dialogue: I see. Well, make it quick, or do you have better things to do than fight for the people of Skyrim?
Predicted: male, Actual: female, Dialogue: The crown should be around here somewhere. Spread out, and keep your eyes open.
Predicted: male, Actual: female, Dialogue: I knew he wouldn't be able to resist.
Predicted: male, Actual: female, Dialogue: It's what some call the domain of Molag Bal. His place in Oblivion.
Predicted: male, Actual: female, Dialogue: Good job! I knew I gave the mission to the right person.
Predicted: male, Actual: female, Dialogue: Dear brother, I need you to steal into that chamber, and eavesdrop on their meeting. It'll be no use clinging to the shadows. They'll see you for sure. No, you need a hiding place. Somewhere they'd never think to look. Like inside the Night Mother's coffin.
Predicted: female, Actual: male, Dialogue: What gave it away? Ha ha ha ha ha. Yeah, got to admit that little jester's good with that butter knife. But don't worry, I gave as good as I got.
Predicted: male, Actual: female, Dialogue: I'll carry the stew pot, and lead the way up to the dining room. I'm sure the Emperor and his guests are dying to meet you.
Predicted: male, Actual: female, Dialogue: Any idea on how you're going to find a Moth Priest? Skyrim's a pretty big place. Do you have any ideas?
Predicted: male, Actual: female, Dialogue: I think my father really died a long time ago. This was just...the end of something else. I did what needed to be done. Nothing more.
Predicted: male, Actual: female, Dialogue: You there. What brings you to this place? Why are you here?
Predicted: male, Actual: female, Dialogue: Vampires? Really? Oh, and I suppose now he remembers that I proposed no less than three different scenarios that involved vampires overrunning the population. Well, what are they up to?
Predicted: male, Actual: female, Dialogue: Certainly not. But a true warrior would have relished the opportunity to take on a giant. That's why I'm here with my Shield-Brothers.
Predicted: male, Actual: female, Dialogue: Minutes? Hours? Years? I can't even begin to guess. I suggest we don't wait around to find out. Now, let's get your Elder Scroll and you can be on your way.
Predicted: male, Actual: female, Dialogue: You'll need to speak with Mirabelle Ervine. Her quarters are in the Hall of Countenance, but she could be anywhere on the grounds.
Predicted: male, Actual: female, Dialogue: Don't take too long figuring it out. I've got a war to run here.
Predicted: male, Actual: female, Dialogue: What? Alain is...is dead? I...I'm grateful. It's just this...this isn't at all how I imagined things would play out. There was Alain, but I was considering more, and... Ah, well. Dead is dead. Right? My thanks to you, assassin. Here's the gold I was going to pay you for the job. You earned it, after all.
Predicted: male, Actual: female, Dialogue: I'm glad you were able to bring the Key back safely. Nocturnal seemed quite pleased with your efforts.
Predicted: female, Actual: male, Dialogue: Tiid krent. Time was...shattered here because of what the ancient Nords did to Alduin. If you brought that Kel, that Elder Scroll back here...to the Tiid-Ahraan, the Time-Wound... With the Elder Scroll that was used to break Time, you may be able to...cast yourself back. To the other end of the break. You could learn Dragonrend from those who created it.
Predicted: male, Actual: female, Dialogue: Oh, no. I'm no fool. You'll learn what you need to know once we've come to an agreement.
Predicted: female, Actual: male, Dialogue: Yamarz was a fool. Always trying to scheme his way out of responsibility. But, you took care of him and the giants. Two problems solved at once. Now, take Shagrol's hammer back to Largashbur, and we'll see about whipping the rest of them into shape.
Predicted: male, Actual: female, Dialogue: The Stonefist's no fool. He's found the Crown. But we'll get to it first.
Predicted: male, Actual: female, Dialogue: If your eyes and your ears are open and your mind is free of judgment and expectation, you might learn much in this chamber.
Predicted: male, Actual: female, Dialogue: If you desire a glimpse of our Dark Mistress, then this is what you must do. First, prove your tongue can wield a lie. Find someone. Gain his trust. Lead him to the shrine above. Next, instruct your thrall to touch the Pillar of Sacrifice. Its magic will ensnare him, rendering him helpless. Then, girded with certitude, plant the ceremonial blade deeply, so that the waters of his heart wash over you. If your will is strong enough, it will stir Boethiah in her Dark Mansion, and she will appear before us.
Predicted: male, Actual: female, Dialogue: Very clever, mother. Very clever. I've never been in those tunnels before, but I'd bet they run right under the courtyard and into the tower ruins. Well, at least we're getting closer. Let's go.
Predicted: male, Actual: female, Dialogue: You've earned the right. Your strength and honor are apparent to all.
Predicted: male, Actual: female, Dialogue: It's Cicero. Ever since he arrived, his behavior's been... Well, erratic would be an understatement. I do believe he is truly mad. But it's worse than that. He's taken to locking himself in the Night Mother's chamber, and talking. To someone. In hushed, but frantic tones. Who is he speaking with? What are they planning? I fear treachery.
Predicted: male, Actual: female, Dialogue: No, not gone...he's become one with the shadows. This is the greatest honor a Nightingale can hope to achieve. In death, he's become part of that which we use to live.
Predicted: male, Actual: female, Dialogue: Yes. I set you up. I wanted you dead. I betrayed you, the Night Mother, and everything I hold dear. And now Maro has betrayed me.
Predicted: male, Actual: female, Dialogue: Believe it or not, Festus likes you. He senses your power, your potential. Follow his instructions to the letter, and you may even earn his respect.
Predicted: male, Actual: female, Dialogue: I call upon you, Lady Nocturnal, Queen of Murk and Empress of Shadow. Hear my voice!
Predicted: male, Actual: female, Dialogue: If I die today, it will not be in terror. You feel fear for the first time, worm. I see it in your eyes.
Predicted: female, Actual: male, Dialogue: Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!
Predicted: male, Actual: female, Dialogue: These terms are satisfactory to my government. The truce is unlikely to last long in any case.
Predicted: male, Actual: female, Dialogue: Bah. Weak-willed rabble. Even dead they're almost useless.
Predicted: male, Actual: female, Dialogue: To battle, my friends! The fields will echo with the clamor of war, our wills undaunted.
